ChemCell example problems

Each of these sub-directories contains a sample problem you can run
with ChemCell.  Most run quickly on a desktop machine.  Each problem
has one or more input scripts (in.*) and produces a log file (log.*)
when it runs.  The spatial simulations also produce a dump file
(dump.*) when it runs.  Some use a data file (data.*) of initial
particle coordinates or cell geometry as additional input.  Some
directories have runs with different run styles (ODE, Gillespie,
spatial) for comparison purposes.

The log files for all these problems were produced on a dual quad-core
Dell 690 desktop with 3.66 GHz Intel Xeon chips, with ChemCell compiled
by g++.

For spatial problems, which can be run in parallel, a few sample log
file outputs on different numbers of processors are included in the
directories to compare your answers to.  E.g. a log file like
log.abc.date.P means it ran on P processors with the dated version of
ChemCell.  Note that these problems may get statistically similar
answers when run on different machines or different numbers of
processors, but not identical answers to those in the log of dump
files included here.  See the Errors section of the ChemCel
documentation for more discussion.

The data file inputs can be created, and the dump file outputs
animated with the Pizza.py tool described in the "Additional Tools"
section of the LAMMPS documentation.  Pizza.py scripts for performing
these operations are included in the example directories as *.py.
Animations of some of these examples can be viewed on the Movies
section of the ChemCell WWW Site.

--------------------
These are the sample problems in the various sub-directories:

abc:         simple A + B <-> C reaction
ecoli:       chemotaxis model in E Coli
kinase:	     3-stage kinase cascade
lotka:	     Lotka-Volterra predator-prey model

The ecoli problem is a model from this paper:
  K. Lipkow, S. S. Andrews, D. Bray, J of Bacteriology, 187, 45-53 (2005).

The lotka problem is a model from this paper:
  S. S. Andrews and D. Bray, Physical Biology, 1, 137-151 (2004).

--------------------
Here is how you might run and visualize one of the sample problems:

cd abc
cp ../../src/ccell_linux .         # copy LAMMPS executable to this dir
ccell_linux < in.abc.spatial       # run the problem

Running the simulation produces the files log.ccell and dump.abc.spatial

Assuming you have Pizza.py installed, you can plot the log file as
follows:

pizza -f clogview.py gnu log.ccell

Similarly, you can visualize the dump file as follows:

pizza -f dview.py dump.abc.spatial
